add entrypoint script (#70)
pluswerk/php-dev: docs/profiling.md

  
That should flood your xhgui with requests.

> hint: if `PHP_DEBUGGER` is set to `xdebug`, then the xh-profiler won't profile anything 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hint: if xdebug is enabled, then the xh-profiler won't profile anything 
```

Author: i can have both xdebug and the profiler active at the same time. xhprof is disabled through the env-var and not xdebug in itself

> hint: if `PHP_DEBUGGER` is set to `xdebug`, then the xh-profiler won't profile anything 

Author: ```suggestion
hint: if `PHP_DEBUGGER` is set to `xdebug` or xdebug was enabled through xdebug-enable, then the xh-profiler won't profile anything 
```
